So let's have a talk about packages and using them in your class files, so as per the Oracle Java documentation,
a package is a namespace that organizes a set of related classes and interfaces.
Conceptually, you can think of packages as being similar to different folders on your computer.
But swinging back to intelligence, we need to create a new project they've already created.
As you can see, the cold are getting started.
So how do we go about creating a package in intelligence?
Well, first, we can try going to.
Right.
Clicking a source for a new package that will enable us to create a package.
Well, tentatively, what you can do is create a new class and prefix the name with a qualified package
name.
Let's actually do that instead of go back and do a new Java class that we'll call this one garden.
Top vegetable, wine, vegetable.
So what happened?
Well, intelligence created a source file in the directory structure that matches the names past which
were delimited, as you saw, we type them.
So we've got a package now which you could take out Kadenbach Vegetable and the class name Vyn a vegetable.
In addition to that, if you look at the source code, you can see that it's got an additional line
of code, which is the package stateman source code can have zero or one package statements and the
statement must be the first line of code in the source file, excluding comments.
You can say that is the case here.
The classifier can only be associated with a single package, but a package can have multiple classes
and interfaces in it.
Let's go ahead and change the source code.
Now, you can follow along in this course by copying and pasting in the code snippets which are always
available in the resources section for each video.
So I'm going to copy and paste the first snippet posted in there and I'm just going to double click
to get a full screen, very basic code, as you can see there, if we execute this code.
It shouldn't really be any real surprises, they we get the airport.
I'm a vegetable that grows on a vine.
So let's open a terminal session at the project route and look at this from the command line open project.
Right.
Click on the project and select open in terminal.
That puts us in the route to order this project.
Diyab Because I'm on Windows and you could say that we've got it out for order, which is where the
classifiers are created by the Fulcrum intelligence and our source fora where our Java source code resides.
So that's from this class file manually looking at the output for there their got out.
You can see it's follow the path there and vind vegetable class.
So we need to do something similar from the command line to Java.
Daschle p class path and will specify the path path I set out there, paying the outfought to slash
forward slash work, I can wendi's production getting started.
And you can see a mirroring the output foda directory there.
Then we need to do a spice and then we need to specify our full Java path, which is garden, top vegetable,
dot, vine, vegetable being the name of the class.
OK, executing this command gave us the same results as running it through an idea, you could say that
we specified the full name, including packages of the class we wanted to execute.
This name, by the way, is the fully qualified class name.
If QCA or let's try something else.
Let's compile this class and put the class files in a different output folder.
Obviously have got an output for what they can see in the project that intelligent uses.
Let's create a different one.
We're going to put out in a build folder relative to our current path.
And to do this, we call Java Sea in Java Compiler and we pass it test day option, which specifies
where we want the classifiers to be generated over the Java Sea.
Dashty build being the name of the airport for a relative path.
Then we need to specify where our source code is.
But in source slash carbon slash vegetable slash vyn vegetable dot java.
You see, there's a bit of a pause there for a moment now, we can't see it updated in the project,
kind of a kick back in there.
You can see the build directory, and if you have a look at that now, we've got Kardon, Vegetable
and vegetable class showing in there.
It's basically put the vegetable class fall in the correct package location.
So what would happen if we compiled without the Dashty option, let's try doing that Java Sea space,
can we just want to point to the source code?
This case is SAAC slash carbon slash vegetable.
Slash fine vegetable Chava.
If a poor you can see that the command worked and if we can have a look in our source folder, click
in there again.
Notice that the volume vegetable file appeared because intelligent refresh the directory contents so
you can see that by default, without using Dashty the point vegetable, that classifier was created
in the same location as our own vegetable java file resided in the latest because we don't need it.
We'll also take this opportunity to delete the build folder, which we also aren't going to be using
moving forward.
All right, so now we've created a class in a package we next need to learn how to use it, so st2 to
execute it from the command line.
We provided a fully qualified class name, which includes package and the class name.
This is one option we can use to reference another class in another package, or we can use an import
statement in our code.
So here's a few of the different methods referencing a top from another package.
So the first method is a fully qualified class, that EPCM example code for that javadoc you to list
equals new Javadoc utility list.
If you're only referencing a class once in source or you're referencing two classes with the same name,
but from different packages, you will still need to use the FCC and the fully qualified class name.
It can be very verbose.
As you can see next, we've got an option to use a single type import declaration example or import
javadoc you to list and then the actual card usage array list, I think with neorealist.
So this is actually the most common way for both readability of code and information for future developers.
And it's obviously less for verbose as well.
The next method is a top import on demand declaration import javadoc you to not start as an example,
then we can still reference it in the same way our A-list A-list equals neorealist.
This is generally discouraged, but still needed to be recognized as valid for the exam.
If you use this for all your import statements, anyone reading the card after you may not know where
the class referenced actually resides and of course always will fix it.
Pretty quick order code, though, written before ideas or very old versions of ideas are more likely
to use this type of import statement.
Next, we've got a single static import declaration, the example that import static javadoc langue
messed up part.
Now, this is a way to pull in a single static member of a class in and reference the member's name
without including a reference to the declared type.
And finally, we've got a static import on demand declaration import static javadoc.
Languedoc Method Star is an example and that's way to pull in all static members.
That's variables and methods of a class and reference them without referencing the declared type.
So let's finish the video here and we'll continue on with packages and using imports in the next video.